Add automatic team provisioning instructions (#27413)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/scim/okta.md

1. In the application management screen, select **Provisioning** in the left panel

> 2. Click **Configuration API integration**.

Reviewer: Correction of existing typo:
```suggestion
2. Click **Configure API integration**.
```

    - **Deactivate Users**
8. Under **Datadog Attribute Mappings**, find the mapping of Okta attributes to Datadog attributes already pre-configured. You can re-map them if needed, but map the Okta values to the same set of Datadog values.

### Group mapping

{{< callout url="/help/" header="false" >}}

> The managed team feature is turned off by default. Request access by contacting support.

Author: We can capitalize feature and product names. People have a tendency to over-capitalize, so I err on the side of using lower case. I'm fine with capitalizing Managed Teams in this doc.

{{< /callout >}}

> With managed teams, you control the Datadog Team name, handle, and membership through the identity provider. The setup process differs depending on whether the team already exists in Datadog.

Reviewer: Wonder if we should link out from "Managed Teams" to the "Manage teams through an identity provider" section of the Team Management doc (which you've added in this PR), where there are more details on how these teams act in the app once they've been provisioned?

## Configure automatic team provisioning

{{< callout url="/help/" header="false" >}}
The Managed Teams feature is turned off by default. Request access by contacting support.
{{< /callout >}}

With [Managed Teams][6], you control the core provisioning of a Datadog Team — its name, handle, and membership — through the identity provider. The setup process differs depending on whether the team already exists in Datadog.

**Note:** Users must exist in Datadog before you can add them to a team. Therefore, you must assign users to the Datadog app in Okta to ensure that they are created in Datadog through SCIM. Assign the Datadog application to your Okta group to ensure that all team members are created in Datadog automatically.

### Create a new team

1. In your Datadog application in Okta, navigate to the **Push Groups** tab.
{{< img src="/account_management/scim/okta/pushed-groups.png" alt="Okta pushed groups configuration interface">}}
1. Click the **Push Groups** button. The pushed groups interface opens.
1. Select the Okta group you want to push to Datadog.
1. In the **Match result & push action** column, ensure **Create group** is selected
1. Click **Save**.

> To verify that the operation completed successfully, navigate to the [Teams list][7]. Search for a Datadog team matching the Okta group you configured. Verify that the team exists in Datadog and is managed externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that the operation completed successfully, navigate to the [Teams list][7]. Search for a Datadog team matching the Okta group you configured. Verify that the team exists in Datadog and is managed externally. Note that it may take a minute or two for the team to show up in Datadog.
```

You have two options for disconnecting an Okta group from a Datadog Team, with different impacts on the Datadog Team membership.

#### Keep team members in Datadog

This procedure enables you to manage team membership in Datadog instead of Okta. The team members stay unchanged.

1. In your Datadog application in Okta, navigate to the **Push Groups** tab.
1. Click the **Push Groups** button. The pushed groups interface opens.
1. Select the Okta group you want to unlink from its Datadog Team.
1. In the **Match result & push action** column, select **Unlink Pushed Group**. A dialog box appears.
1. Select **Leave the group in the target app**.
1. Click **Unlink**.
1. Click **Save**.

#### Remove team members from Datadog

This procedure enables you to manage team membership in Datadog instead of Okta and removes the team members from the Datadog Team.

1. In your Datadog application in Okta, navigate to the **Push Groups** tab.
1. Click the **Push Groups** button. The pushed groups interface opens.
1. Select the Okta group you want to unlink from its Datadog Team.
1. In the **Match result & push action** column, select **Unlink Pushed Group**. A dialog box appears.

> 1. Select **Delete the group in the target app (recommended)**.

Reviewer: Okta asked us to call out in our documentation that this option will not actually delete the team within Datadog. This is a potential point of confusion because the user is told to select "Delete the group in the target app" but within Datadog what we actually do is just remove the managed relationship and remove all members of the Team. This is because the Team in Datadog may be associated with other data and assets within Datadog, so we are conservative and do not actually delete it, to avoid doing something destructive to the data/configuration of the org's Datadog setup (for instance, breaking notifications that were using the Team as a routing destination that is forwarding notifications to a Slack channel). 

I'm not sure of the best way to call this out here; in a way, the docs here are already clear on that, because you say above that
> This procedure enables you to manage team membership in Datadog instead of Okta and removes the team members from the Datadog Team.

I think maybe just an extra clarification on this line could be helpful. Something like:
```suggestion
1. Select **Delete the group in the target app (recommended)**. (Note that despite the naming of this option in Okta, this will _not_ delete the team in Datadog)
```

Maybe there's a better/more clear option that you can think of 🤷

Reviewer: Maybe a better suggestion: follow the same format as the "no match found" note from line 92, and put a separate note after the list of numbered steps like:

> **Note:** Okta labels this option "Delete the group in the target app" but this will _not_ actually delete the team in Datadog. All members will be removed from the team and it will no longer show as managed.

1. In the **Match result & push action** column, ensure **Create group** is selected
1. Click **Save**.

To verify that the operation completed successfully, navigate to the [Teams list][7] in Datadog. Search for a Datadog Team matching the Okta group you configured. Verify that the team exists in Datadog and is managed externally.

{{< img src="/account_management/scim/okta/managed-externally.png" alt="Datadog team list showing a team called Cool group that is managed externally.">}}

### Synchronize an existing Datadog Team with an Okta group

You can map an existing Datadog Team to an Okta group. Establishing a link from the Okta group to the Datadog Team causes the Datadog Team to be managed by Okta going forward.

**Note:** In order to synchronize an existing Datadog Team with an Okta group, the two names must match exactly.

1. In your Datadog application in Okta, navigate to the **Push Groups** tab.
1. Click the **Push Groups** button. The pushed groups interface opens.
1. Select the Okta group you want to synchronize with a Datadog Team.
1. In the **Match result & push action** column, ensure **Create group** is selected.
1. Click **Save**.

> **Note:** Okta may display a **No match found** message, because it only returns managed groups. You can ignore this message and proceed with creating the group to establish synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Okta will display a **No match found** message. You can ignore this message and proceed with creating the group to establish synchronization.
```

## Configure automatic team provisioning

{{< callout url="/help/" header="false" >}}
The Managed Teams feature is turned off by default. Request access by contacting support.
{{< /callout >}}

With [Managed Teams][6], you control the core provisioning of a Datadog Team — its name, handle, and membership — through the identity provider. The setup process differs depending on whether the team already exists in Datadog.

**Note:** Users must exist in Datadog before you can add them to a team. Therefore, you must assign users to the Datadog app in Okta to ensure that they are created in Datadog through SCIM. Assign the Datadog application to your Okta group to ensure that all team members are created in Datadog automatically.

### Create a new team in Datadog

1. In your Datadog application in Okta, navigate to the **Push Groups** tab.
{{< img src="/account_management/scim/okta/pushed-groups.png" alt="Okta pushed groups configuration interface">}}
1. Click the **Push Groups** button. The pushed groups interface opens.
1. Select the Okta group you want to push to Datadog.

> 1. In the **Match result & push action** column, ensure **Create group** is selected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the **Match result & push action** column, ensure **Create group** is selected.
```
